Add missing prerequisites to the Getting Started guide (#435)
microsoft/onefuzz: docs/getting-started.md

- `Microsoft.EventGrid`
- `Microsoft.Network`
- `Microsoft.Compute`
- `Microsoft.SignalRService`

## Deploying an instance of Onefuzz

> Ensure you have python3 (at least 3.7), [Azure Functions Core Tools

Reviewer: It looks like the the deploy scripts (like `deply.py`) have an interpreter of `#!/usr/bin/env python`, which makes this potentially misleading on older systems, given the instructions below. We want `python` to alias to `python3.7` or greater, not any `python2`.

How about something like:
```suggestion
Ensure you have Python with `python --version` >= 3.7, [Azure Functions Core Tools
```
